Spine Software License Agreement
Version 5.1

This Software License Agreement ("Agreement" or "License Agreement") is a
binding agreement between Esoteric Software ("Esoteric Software") and the
person or entity licensing the Spine Software ("You(r)") published by Esoteric
Software. This Agreement governs Your use of the Spine Software published
by Esoteric Software (including all related documentation, the "Software").

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT PRIOR
TO DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE. BY DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING
THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE,
DO NOT DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.

1.	License Grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the terms of the
license type selected from Exhibit A, and the payment of any applicable license
fees, Esoteric Software grants You a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable,
and non-transferable license to download, install, execute, and perform the
Software in machine readable object code form only and solely for internal
use. The Software covered under this Agreement shall also include any and
all updates, upgrades, bug fixes, or any similar revisions or improvements
(collectively, "Updates") that may be made available to You by Esoteric
Software from time to time. At your option and subject to the payment of
applicable fees, Esoteric Software shall also provide to You the services
as described by Exhibits D and E.

2.	Spine Runtimes. If the Spine Essential, Professional, Enterprise,
or Education license is selected from Exhibit A, You may modify, translate,
adapt, or develop new applications using the Spine Runtimes or otherwise
create derivative works or improvements of the Spine Runtimes (collectively,
"Products"). You may market, sell, publish, distribute, or otherwise make
available any number of Products provided that (a) the Products add significant
and primary functionality to the Spine Runtimes and (b) the license in Exhibit
B is included in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
Products. "Spine Runtimes" means all programs and data (separate from the
Software) provided by Esoteric Software in source and binary form that are
used to load, store, manipulate, and render animation and other data created
by the Software.

3.	Spine Enterprise. If the Spine Enterprise license is selected
from Exhibit A, all references to "You" will be deemed to include Your
Affiliates. "Affiliate" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of this
provision, "control" of an entity means direct or indirect ownership or
control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.

4.	Restrictions. Without Esoteric Software's written permission, You may
not (a) copy the Software, except for backup purposes or otherwise as expressly
permitted by this Agreement, (b) modify, translate, adapt, or otherwise create
derivative works or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Software,
(c) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, or otherwise attempt to
derive or gain access to the source code of the Software or any part thereof
except as and only to the extent this restriction is prohibited by law,
(d) remove, delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright,
trademark, patent, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights
notices on or in the Software, including any copy thereof, (e) rent, lease,
lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer, or otherwise
make available the Software or any features or functionality of the Software
to any third party for any reason, or (f) remove, disable, circumvent,
or otherwise create or implement any workaround to any copy protection,
rights management, or security features in or protecting the Software.

5.	Responsibilities. You must notify Esoteric Software to keep your name
and email address valid at all times. You agree to take appropriate measures to
protect Your activation codes for the Software from unauthorized use. You are
responsible for all damages arising from the use of the Software associated
with Your activation codes in violation of this Agreement. You agree to
promptly notify Esoteric Software in the event that You become aware of any
actual or suspected unauthorized use of the Software. You acknowledge that
the Software, documents, technical data, and any other materials delivered
under this Agreement are subject to U.S. export control laws, including the
U.S. Export Administration Act and its associated regulations, and may be
subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You shall not,
directly or indirectly, export, re-export, or release the Software to,
or make the Software accessible from, any jurisdiction or country to which
export, re-export, or release is prohibited by law, rule, or regulation. You
acknowledge and agree that it is Your responsibility to obtain any licenses to
export, re-export, or import the Software as may be required after delivery
to You and You shall strictly comply with all applicable federal laws,
regulations, and rules and complete all required undertakings (including
obtaining any necessary export license or other governmental approval) prior to
exporting, re-exporting, releasing, or otherwise making the Software available
outside the U.S. You represent and warrant that You are not a person or entity
appearing on the lists published by the U.S. Department of Commerce, the
U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Treasury, or any other list
that may be published by the U.S. Government, as amended from time to time,
that is prohibited from acquiring ownership or control of items under this
Agreement or with which Esoteric Software is prohibited from doing business.

6.	Third-Party Licenses. The Software includes software, content, data,
or other materials, including related documentation, that are owned by persons
other than Esoteric Software and that are provided to You on licensee terms
that are in addition to and/or different from those contained in this Agreement
("Third-Party Licenses"). A list of all materials included in the Software
and provided under Third-Party Licenses is set forth in Exhibit C and the
applicable Third-Party Licenses are accessible via links therefrom. You are
bound by and agree to comply with all Third-Party Licenses. Your breach of
any Third-Party License is also a breach of this Agreement.

7.	Representations. Esoteric Software represents to You that (a)
each and every part of the Software is either the original work of Esoteric
Software or validly licensed by Esoteric Software from the rightsholder(s),
(b) the Software does not infringe upon any patent, copyright, trade secret, or
other proprietary right of others, (c) Esoteric Software has all of the rights
necessary to grant to You the rights under this Agreement and Esoteric Software
has not previously granted and shall not grant any rights in the Software
to any nonparty that are inconsistent with those rights, (d) the Software
does not include any hidden files, functionalities, or any computer virus,
worm, logic bomb, or Trojan horse, (e) Esoteric Software has full corporate
power to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations under
this agreement, and (f) the Software is developed and provided by Esoteric
Software in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

8.	Reservation of Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the Software is
provided to You under license and not sold. You do not acquire any ownership
interest in the Software under this Agreement or any other rights thereto other
than to use the Software in accordance with the license granted, and subject
to all terms, conditions, and restrictions, under this Agreement. Esoteric
Software reserves and shall retain its entire right, title, and interest in and
to the Software, including all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual
property rights therein or relating thereto, except as expressly granted to
You in this Agreement.

9.	Updates. The Software may require Updates in order to run
effectively. Updates are subject to the terms of this Agreement and may include
new features, bug fixes, or the removal of features of the Software. Esoteric
Software will provide Updates at no cost to You during the term of this
Agreement. Updates do not increase the authorized number of computers or
named users for Your license type.

10.	Collection and Use of Information. You acknowledge that Esoteric
Software may collect and store information regarding Your use of the
Software. You agree that Esoteric Software may use such information only
to the extent which is necessary to (a) verify Your compliance with this
Agreement, (b) enforce Esoteric Software's rights in the Software, (c)
improve the performance of the Software, and (d) develop Updates.

11.	License Fees and Returns. License fees for the Software are specified
by Esoteric Software based on the license type selected from Exhibit A and
the optional services as described by Exhibits D and E. Annual license fees
for Spine Enterprise and Spine Education are subject to increase at a rate
not to exceed 10% annually. Any applicable license fees must be paid in full
prior to downloading or using the Software. Esoteric Software may choose for
the license fees to be paid directly or through a third party. Any applicable
payment and use terms of such third party will apply to the transaction. You
may request a refund of the license fees by notifying Esoteric Software
within thirty (30) days after downloading the Software. Esoteric Software
will refund the license fees paid by You and block Your activation codes.

12.	Term and Termination. This Agreement is effective as of the date that
Your activation codes are provided and will continue in effect for the term of
the license type selected from Exhibit A (the "Term") unless terminated earlier
by You or Esoteric Software as set forth in this section. You may terminate
this Agreement by deleting the Software and all copies thereof. Esoteric
Software may block Your activation codes or terminate this Agreement at any
time without notice if You violate any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, provided that Spine Enterprise licensees will be given no less
than thirty (30) days' notice and an opportunity to cure prior to termination
of this Agreement. Upon termination all rights granted to You under this
Agreement will also terminate and You must cease all use of the Software,
delete all copies of the Software, and cease distribution of all Products
other than those allowed by Exhibit A, Section 3(d). Termination will not
limit any of Esoteric Software's rights or remedies at law or in equity.

13.	Infringement Indemnification. Subject to the Limitation of Liability
in Section 15, Esoteric Software shall defend and indemnify You against
any third-party action, suit or proceeding and any loss, damages, or costs
incurred with regard to same in which it is determined that the Software
infringes a United States or European Union patent or copyright.

14.	Warranty and Disclaimer. For a period of ninety (90) days from the
date that You download and install the Software (the "Warranty Period"),
Esoteric Software warrants that the Software will operate materially in
conformance with its documentation. Any Third-Party Licenses shall be subject
exclusively to the licensor's warranty set forth therein. The foregoing
warranties exclude damage or failure resulting from misuse, modification by
anyone other than Esoteric Software, unauthorized repair or installation,
malfunctions caused by equipment or by software not provided by Esoteric
Software, the use of the Software on or in connection with any hardware or
software not specified in the documentation for the Software, and the use of
the Software in violation of this Agreement or the license type selected. You
must notify Esoteric Software of any non-conformance within the Warranty Period
and Your sole and exclusive remedy for any non-conformance is that Esoteric
Software will repair or replace the Software, provided that You provide all
information Esoteric Software reasonably requests to resolve the reported
failure, including sufficient information to enable the Esoteric Software
to recreate such failure. If Esoteric Software, in its sole discretion,
determines that it is unable to repair or replace the Software within a
commercially reasonable time, Esoteric Software will refund the fees paid
by You for the Software, subject to Your ceasing all use of and deleting
all copies of the Software. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS SECTION,
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITH ALL FAULTS
AND DEFECTS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ESOTERIC SOFTWARE, ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF
ITS LICENSORS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,
STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THAT MAY
ARISE OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE, OR TRADE
PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITATION TO THE FOREGOING, ESOTERIC SOFTWARE PROVIDES
NO WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND THAT
THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULTS, BE
COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS, SYSTEMS, OR SERVICES,
OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, MEET ANY PERFORMANCE OR RELIABILITY STANDARDS,
OR BE ERROR FREE OR THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS, SO SOME OR
ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

15.	Limitation of Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FORM (E.G., CONTRACT,
TORT, OR OTHERWISE) IN WHICH ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE ACTION MAY BE BROUGHT,
IN NO EVENT WILL ESOTERIC SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR (a) DAMAGES THAT EXCEED,
IN THE AGGREGATE, THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY YOU IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH
PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE FIRST EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE ACTION, (b)
THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, ANY DAMAGES BASED ON DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE, LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR GOODWILL, LOSS
OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, LOSS RESULTING FROM COMPUTER FAILURE, MALFUNCTION
OR SHUTDOWN, OR (c) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT ESOTERIC SOFTWARE
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY
FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

16.	Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the internal laws of (a) the State of Washington and the
United States without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof if You
are not located in the United Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, or a member state
of the European Union, or otherwise (b) England and Wales without regard to
conflicts of law provisions thereof. No effect shall be given to any choice
or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Washington,
England, and Wales or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application
of laws of any jurisdiction other than those stated herein. Any legal claim,
suit, action, or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the matters
contemplated hereunder or the breach thereof, whether sounding in contract,
tort, or otherwise, shall likewise be governed by the internal laws set forth
herein without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or
rule and shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United
States or the courts of the State of Washington if You are not located in
the United Kingdom, Norway, Switzerland, or a member state of the European
Union, or otherwise the courts located in London, England and You irrevocably
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action,
or proceeding and waive any objection based on improper venue or forum non
conveniens.

17.	Notices. For a notice or other communication under this agreement to be
valid (a) the sending party must use email with confirmation that the receiving
mail server accepted the email, (b) communication to or from Esoteric Software
must use contact@esotericsoftware.com, and (c) communication to or from You
must use the email address You have provided to Esoteric Software. You must
notify Esoteric Software to keep your email address valid at all times. You
are responsible for preventing emails from contact@esotericsoftware.com
from being marked as spam or otherwise filtered. A valid notice or other
communication under this agreement will be effective when accepted by the
receiving mail server.

18.	Assignment. Esoteric Software may subcontract this Agreement, or
any part thereof, including support, to subcontractors selected by Esoteric
Software and may freely assign or otherwise transfer all or any of its
rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer all or any of its obligations or
performance, under this Agreement without Your consent. You may not assign or
otherwise transfer any of Your rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any
of Your obligations under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily,
involuntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, without Esoteric Software's
prior written consent. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

19.	General Terms. This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the Software and Spine Runtimes
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the
Software and Spine Runtimes. This Agreement may only be amended, modified
or supplemented by an agreement in writing by non-preprinted agreements
clearly understood by both parties to be an amendment and signed by each
party hereto. No waiver by either party of any of the provisions hereof
shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by
the party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement,
no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power,
or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as
a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. If
any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid, that provision shall be
limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement
shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable, but shall
not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or
render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. You
acknowledge and agree that a material breach of this Agreement would cause
irreparable injury to Esoteric Software for which monetary damages would
not be an adequate remedy and that, in the event of any actual or threatened
material breach of this Agreement by You, Esoteric Software shall be entitled
to temporary, preliminary, and permanent injunctive relief against You and
Your officers or employees, without the requirement of posting a bond or
proving actual damages, in addition to whatever remedies Esoteric Software
might have at law.


Exhibit A

Spine License Types

1.	Spine Trial License.

	(a)	You are authorized to use the available functions of the
	trial version of the Software exclusively for the purpose of testing
	and evaluating the Software.

2.	Spine Essential License / Spine Professional License.

	(a)	This license is applicable to an entity with annual revenues
	of less than $500,000 USD or equivalent foreign currency. The license
	becomes invalid if annual revenues exceed this amount at any time,
	in which case the Spine Enterprise License is required else You must
	cease all use of the Software and cease distribution of all Products
	other than those allowed by Exhibit A, Section 3(d).

	(b)	A single named user is authorized to use the corresponding
	Essential or Professional version of the Software with the provided
	activation code. Use of the Software by anyone other than the named
	user is expressly prohibited. The activation code may not be in use
	on more than two computers at the same time.

	(c)	The Spine Runtimes are provided subject to Section 2 of the
	License Agreement.

3.	Spine Enterprise License.

	(a)	You are authorized to use the Professional version of the
	Software with the provided activation code for the number of users
	provisioned. A server or otherwise shared installation where the
	number of users is not strictly controlled is prohibited. The number
	of computers on which the Software is in use must not exceed the
	number of users provisioned. Alternatively, upon request a floating
	network license option will be enabled, allowing the Software to be
	installed on any number of computers with the restriction that it
	may only be run concurrently on the number of computers provisioned.

	(b)	This license is valid for 1 year from the date that Your
	activation codes are provided and must be renewed annually else You
	must cease all use of the Software and cease distribution of all
	Products other than those allowed by Exhibit A, Section 3(d).

	(c)	The Spine Runtimes are provided subject to Section 2 of the
	License Agreement.

	(d)	At any time, You may pay the applicable one-time, per-Product
	license fee (the "Product License Fee") for each Product, pursuant to
	which Esoteric Software hereby grants you a perpetual, royalty-free,
	fully paid-up, non-exclusive, and sublicensable license to use
	the Spine Runtimes in accordance with Section 2 of the License
	Agreement for such Product. Each such Product License Fee shall
	cover substantially similar versions of such Product, allowing for
	incremental improvements, multiple releases for different platforms
	and regions, and different language versions.

4.	Spine Education License.

	(a)	This license is applicable to an entity which is an accredited
	institution organized and operated exclusively for the purpose of
	teaching its enrolled students with 5 or more full-time equivalent
	employees or students.

	(b)	All faculty members and enrolled students are authorized
	to use the Professional version of the Software with the provided
	activation code on the number of computers provisioned. The number of
	computers on which the Software is in use must not exceed the number
	of computers provisioned. Alternatively, upon request a floating
	network license option will be enabled, allowing the Software to be
	installed on any number of computers with the restriction that it
	may only be run concurrently on the number of computers provisioned.

	(c)	This license is valid for 1 year from the date that Your
	activation codes are provided and must be renewed annually else You
	must cease all use of the Software and cease distribution of all
	Products other than those allowed by Exhibit A, Section 3(d).

	(d)	All faculty members and enrolled students are authorized to
	use the Spine Runtimes subject to Section 2 of the License Agreement
	and the Software for non-commercial use only. Use intended for or
	directed toward monetary compensation or commercial advantage is
	prohibited. A Spine Essential, Spine Professional, or Spine Enterprise
	License is required for commercial use.


Exhibit B

Spine Runtimes Software License v2.5

Copyright (c) 2013-2016, Esoteric Software
All rights reserved.

You are granted a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and
non-transferable license to use, install, execute, and perform the Spine
Runtimes software and derivative works solely for personal or internal
use. Without the written permission of Esoteric Software (see Section 2 of
the Spine Software License Agreement), you may not (a) modify, translate,
adapt, or develop new applications using the Spine Runtimes or otherwise
create derivative works or improvements of the Spine Runtimes or (b) remove,
delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright, trademark, patent,
or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices on or in the
Software, including any copy thereof. Redistributions in binary or source
form must include this license and terms.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ESOTERIC SOFTWARE "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL ESOTERIC SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Exhibit C

Third-Party Licenses

1.	Software. The following Third-Party Licenses are used by the Software:

	Apache 2.0  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html

		libgdx
		Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Mario Zechner, Nathan Sweet

		Objenesis
		Copyright (c) 2006-2013 The original author or authors.

		XFileDialog
		Copyright (c) 2010 XFileDialog

	Creative Commons BY 3.0  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

		Monte Media Library
		Copyright (c) 2012, All rights reserved. Werner Randelshofer

	GPL v2 w/ Classpath Exception
	http://openjdk.java.net/legal/gplv2+ce.html

		OpenJDK (Windows, Linux)
		Copyright (c) Various

	MIT  http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html
	
		SLF4J
		Copyright (c) 2004-2013, All rights reserved. QOS.ch

	New BSD  http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause

		ASM
		Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom

		Continuations
		Copyright (c) 2008, All rights reserved. Matthias Mann

		continuationslib
		Copyright (c) 2012, All rights reserved. Enhanced Four

		LWJGL
		Copyright (c) 2002-2007 Lightweight Java Game Library Project

		Kryo
		Copyright (c) 2008-2016, All rights reserved. Nathan Sweet

		Poly2Tri
		Copyright (c) 2009-2010, All rights reserved. Poly2Tri
		contributors

	Oracle Binary Code License  http://java.com/license

		Java (Mac)
		Copyright (c) 1993, 2013, All rights reserved. Oracle and/or
		its affiliates

	SIL Open Font License 1.1  http://scripts.sil.org/OFL

		Noto Sans
		Copyright (c) 2012, All rights reserved. Google Inc.

	Zlib  http://opensource.org/licenses/Zlib

		GLFW
		Copyright (c) 2002-2006 Marcus Geelnard
		Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Camilla Berglund

2.	Spine Runtimes. The following Third-Party Licenses are used by the
Spine Runtimes:

	MIT  https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

		cJSON (spine-c)
		Copyright (c) 2009 Dave Gamble

		dkjson (spine-lua)
		Copyright (c) 2010, 2011, 2012 David Heiko Kolf

		SharpJson (spine-csharp)
		Copyright (c) 2016 Patrick van Bergen
		Copyright (c) 2016 Adriano Tinoco d'Oliveira Rezende

		System.Collections.Generic.List (spine-csharp)
		Copyright (c) 2004-2005 Novell, Inc (http://www.novell.com)
		Copyright (c) 2005 David Waite

	Microsoft Public License  https://opensource.org/licenses/MS-PL

		SpriteBatch (spine-xna)
		Copyright (c) 2009 The MonoGame Team


Exhibit D

Spine Support Services Agreement
Version 1.2

Subject to the terms and conditions in this Support Services Agreement
("Support Agreement") and the payment of all applicable fees, Esoteric Software
will provide the following support services for the Software and the Spine
Runtimes for the Term defined by Section 12 of the License Agreement.

1.	Performance of Services.

	(a)	General Obligations. Esoteric Software shall use reasonable
	best efforts in performing the Services to (i) avoid any adverse
	impact on Your business, operations, financial condition, and/or
	prospects, (ii) not degrade the services then being received by You
	from other third parties or provided internally by You, (iii) ensure
	that all Your systems are successfully integrated, interfaced, and
	compatible with the Services and that adequate and appropriate (as
	determined by You) architectural functions and structural integration
	exists between and among Your systems and the Services such that
	the Services have the capability to communicate, execute programs,
	or transfer data seamlessly, and (iv) ensure that the Services do
	not adversely affect the Your systems, whether as to functionality,
	speed, interconnectivity, reliability, availability, performance,
	response times, or similar measures.

	(b)	Notice of Risk. Prior to undertaking any Services-related
	activity or task, Esoteric Software shall discuss with You all known
	material risks and shall not proceed with such activity or task
	until You are satisfied with the plans with regard to such risks
	(provided, however, that neither Esoteric Software's disclosure of
	any such risks to You, nor Your acquiescence in Esoteric Software's
	plans shall operate or be construed as limiting Esoteric Software's
	responsibilities under this Support Agreement). Esoteric Software
	shall identify and resolve any problems that may impede or delay
	the timely completion of each task that is Esoteric Software's
	responsibility and shall use its reasonable best efforts to assist
	You with the resolution of any problems that may impede or delay
	the timely completion of each task that is Your responsibility.

2.	Definitions.

	(a)	"Acknowledgement" consists of an acknowledgement by Esoteric
	Software to You, via email or telephone during Business Hours, or
	upon acknowledgement at any time with respect to a Critical Issue
	if You have used emergency response methods provided by Esoteric
	Software to report such Critical Issue, as to the receipt of the
	problem as reported by You or actual knowledge by Esoteric Software
	and a confirmation of the problem severity.

	(b)	"Business Hours" means 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM Central European
	Summer Time (CEST), Monday through Friday, excluding public holidays.

	(c)	"Closure" consists of providing a permanent correction of
	the applicable Issue including Updates of the Software and revised or
	new documentation related thereto. If a Closure cannot be completed
	within the time periods specified, Esoteric Software shall provide
	a fix plan and shall work diligently with You on a continuous basis
	until Closure is achieved.

	(d)	"Error" means an error, flaw, mistake, failure, or fault in
	the Software that produces an incorrect or unexpected result, causes
	it to behave in unintended ways, or any failure of the Software to
	conform to documentation or other specifications communicated by
	Esoteric Software to You.

	(e)	"Expected Performance Level" means a percentage obtained
	using the following calculation: (1 – (Unexcused Downtime /
	(Scheduled Hours – Excused Downtime)). The Expected Performance
	Level for the Software shall be 98%.

	(f)	"Excused Downtime" means the aggregate total of 60 minutes
	per month times the number of months during which any component of the
	Service is not available. Excused Downtime shall not include periods
	when the Service is not available that are directly attributable
	to Your failure to perform or improper performance of Your express
	responsibilities under this Support Agreement.

	(g)	"General Support Services" means (i) basic and advanced use
	of the Software and Spine Runtimes, (ii) advice on content creation,
	workflow, organization, and best practices for the Software and
	Spine Runtimes, (iii) guidance on the use of the Spine Runtimes APIs
	and integration of the Spine Runtimes into applications, and (iv)
	advice and assistance for performance tuning regarding the Spine
	Runtimes, unless application code review is required to accomplish
	such assistance. Support does not include any application code review
	or support for Your application.

	(h)	"Maintenance Window" means a period of time when the Service
	may not be available due to scheduled maintenance not to exceed 4
	hours within the hours of 12:00 AM to 4:00 AM CEST (unless otherwise
	agreed by the parties) in any given thirty (30) day period.

	(i)	"Performance Incident" means significant bandwidth and
	latency issues that render the Software unusable or difficult to
	use that last more than 60 minutes.

	(j)	"Remote Support" means voice over IP, instant messaging,
	screen sharing, or the like.

	(k)	"Resolution" consists of using reasonable best efforts to
	provide an existing correction or a new correction to You.

	(l)	"Scheduled Hours" means the total number of hours in any
	given measurement period. For example, in a month with 30 days,
	the Scheduled Hours shall be 720 hours (30 x 24).

	(m)	"Service Interruption" means the Software is completely
	inaccessible.

	(n)	"Status Report" consists of regular communications to You
	via email or phone as to the status of the problem determination,
	resolution, and, in the case of Critical Issues and Major Issues,
	the root cause.

	(o)	"Unexcused Downtime" during any measurement period means
	the number of hours, other than Excused Downtime, during which any
	component of the Services is not available.

3.	Description of Services.

	(a)	Availability. In providing the Services to You, Esoteric
	Software shall ensure that the Licensed Software is (a) fully
	operational, (b) functioning properly without any degradation
	in performance, and (c) fully accessible to You, Your Affiliates,
	and each of their suppliers and vendors (collectively, "Available")
	during the Scheduled Hours. Esoteric Software shall provide to You
	the Services at the Expected Performance Level specified in this
	Support Agreement.

	(b)	Error-Correction. Esoteric Software shall promptly correct
	and fix any Error to Your reasonable satisfaction. Upon request,
	Esoteric Software will provide to You a report on all reported
	Errors including (a) the number of Errors reported, (b) the dates
	Errors were reported, and (c) status reports of all live Errors or
	the resolution date of resolved Errors.

	(c)	Remote Support. Esoteric Software shall provide telephone,
	e-mail, remote access, and online support during Business Hours and 24
	hour telephone support for Critical Issues to You and Your Affiliates
	to (a) address, record, and resolve any Service Interruptions,
	Performance Incidents, Errors, or other technical problems in the
	Software (each, an "Issue"), and (b) address and resolve questions
	regarding the functions and features of the Software (e.g., asking
	how to do something or what something means), (collectively, the
	"Remote Support"). You must use commercially reasonable efforts to
	diagnose and resolve any issues prior to initiating a Remote Support
	request. You may initiate any number of Critical Issues. You may
	initiate twenty (20) Major or Minor Issues within a twelve (12)
	month period, beyond which each Major or Minor Issue initiated is
	charged the applicable fee, due at the end of the Term.

		(i)	General Support. Esoteric Software shall at all times
		maintain a general telephone line to address any Issue that
		may arise (the "General Support").

		(ii)	Escalation Support. If Esoteric Software is unable
		to resolve the Issue within the Escalation Timeframes set
		forth in this Support Agreement, Esoteric Software shall
		ensure that a senior technician is available to address the
		Issue and provide remote access and telephone support (the
		"Escalation Support").

		(iii)	Direct Critical Issue Support. Esoteric Software shall
		ensure that a senior technician is available to address any
		Critical Issue and provide telephone and remote access support
		(the "Direct Critical Issue Support").

4.	Resolution of Issues and Response Timeframes. Esoteric Software
shall use reasonable best efforts to promptly address any Issue within
the time frames specified in this Support Agreement based on the Severity
Levels defined herein. Esoteric Software shall transfer an adequate amount of
resources from the development team to the support team to ensure knowledge
of the new features in any new releases is readily available to handle any
Issue that may arise.

	(a)	Definition of Issues. Severity Levels:

		(i)	Critical Issue: The Software is inoperable or severely
		impacts Your ability to use the Software in conformance with
		its documentation.

		(ii)	Major Issue: An unplanned interruption or a reduction
		in quality of Your ability to use the Software in conformance
		with its documentation.

		(iii)	Minor Issue: The Software is immaterially adversely
		affected by an Issue therein.

	(b)	Issue Reporting. You shall make available to Esoteric
	Software reasonable issue reproduction instructions and any data
	required for reproduction, including but not limited to, a sequence
	of user actions taken in the Software, project files, exported data
	files, images, and other project assets, and self-contained code
	demonstrating issues in the Spine Runtimes. You shall ensure that
	a senior technician or artist is available for further inquiries
	about the reported issue during the Resolution timeframe.

	(c)	Response Timeframes.

		(i) Critical Issue.

			Acknowledgement from Esoteric Software: 15 minutes
			Status Reports from Esoteric Software: Hourly
			Escalation Timeframe: 1 hour from Acknowledgement*
			Resolution: 4 hours from Acknowledgement
			Closure: 8 hours from Acknowledgement

			*If Esoteric Software fails to provide a timely
			acknowledgement, Escalation, Resolution, and Closure
			timeframes shall begin on the Acknowledgement
			deadline.

		(ii) Major Issue.

			Acknowledgement from Esoteric Software: 1 hour
			Status Reports from Esoteric Software: Daily
			Escalation Timeframe: 2 hours from Acknowledgement
			Resolution: 8 hours from Acknowledgement
			Closure: 16 hours from Acknowledgement

		(iii) Minor Issue.

			Acknowledgement from Esoteric Software: 1 day
			Status Reports from Esoteric Software: 3 days
			Escalation Timeframe: 1 day from Acknowledgement
			Resolution: 7 days from Acknowledgement
			Closure: 30 days from Acknowledgement


Exhibit E

Spine Source Code Escrow
Version 1.2

Subject to payment of all applicable fees, Esoteric Software or its escrow
agent shall provide to You, within fourteen (14) days after receipt of Your
written request therefor, a Source Code Deposit Agreement which provides one
(1) complete copy of the source code used in the preparation of the Software,
brought up to date as of the date of delivery of such source code to You,
and any remaining documentation and know-how required for its effective and
continued use not previously provided to You, upon the occurrence of any
one (1) or more of the following events: (a) Esoteric Software permanently
discontinues it business because of bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, or
other form of permanent business disruption and such business is not continued
by another successor in interest to Esoteric Software, or (b) the failure,
by Esoteric Software, following not less than sixty (60) days prior written
notice from You, to support the Software adequately pursuant to the License
Agreement. Upon taking possession of the source code hereunder, You agree
that such source code shall be subject to the restrictions on transfer, sale,
and reproduction placed on the Software itself by the License Agreement and
that Your use of the Software source code is restricted to maintaining Your
copy of the Software. You agree that the Software source code is confidential
and You shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the source code and
preserve its confidential, proprietary, and trade secret status in perpetuity.
